On my medicine
Do you have ammo?
Oh, let me look for it.
You are the emperor
around
Shouldn't you bring 180 martial arts guards every day?
I have raised so many people
Only you saved me
Go ahead.
What do you want from me?
I promise you
I want to go home.
Are you so unwilling to be with me?
In the heart of the emperor
There must be something more important than elegance
I said I had to choose one of the two
I don't want to be the one who is given up
That's all.
It is useless to force
There you go.
Madam is not well
Can't go
Our car out of the palace
Immediately it was thrown full of rotten vegetable leaves
The people around said
You broke up
The marriage between Pure Foolish Duke and Princess Leng
The leaves are so fresh
If you pull it back, you can still feed the chickens.
Thank you
Go back and give you a raise
The second step in wage crisis public relations
What should I do if I find a way back?